add a11y information for contrast ratio in background-images and fix issue in the example (#33190)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/background-image/index.md

- [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.1 explanations](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.1_—_providing_text_alternatives_for_non-text_content)
- [Understanding Success Criterion 1.1.1 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/2016/NOTE-UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20-20161007/text-equiv-all.html)

Additionally, it is important to ensure that the contrast ratio between the background image and the color of the text placed over it is high enough that people experiencing low vision conditions will be able to read the content of the page.

Color contrast ratio is determined by comparing the luminance of the text and background color values. In order to meet current [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/), a ratio of 4.5:1 is required for text content and 3:1 for larger text such as headings. Large text is defined as 18.66px and [bold](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-weight) or larger, or 24px or larger.

> 

Reviewer: Link list needs some kind of lead in sentence, maybe "For more information, see the following resources:"

- [WebAIM: Color Contrast Checker](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/)

> - [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanations](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.4_make_it_easier_for_users_to_see_and_hear_content_including_separating_foreground_from_background)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanation](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.4_make_it_easier_for_users_to_see_and_hear_content_including_separating_foreground_from_background)
```

(you don't need to cite the source if it is an internal link)

> - [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.3 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/visual-audio-contrast-contrast.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.3 | Understanding WCAG 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/visual-audio-contrast-contrast.html), W3C (2023)
```
